## Collection of Visualizations
### KeyWords File

This is a word cloud I constructed in R as I was job searching. I wanted to make sure that my resume included some of the keywords listed in job descriptions for data analyst. I copied and pasted 30 or so job descriptions from the most popular job boards into a text file and loaded it into R. From there it was just a matter of cleaning the data by adding an additional file of words I wanted to avoid in addition to the English stopwords. Some of the words I couldn’t narrow down due to misspellings, but I think that I was able to gain some info from doing it. I was also looking for software experience requirements in which tableau, SQL, and excel showed up most often in the job descriptions.  

### Eminem New Album Sentiment
For this project I though it would be interesting to see what the reaction was on Twitter of Eminem’s surprise album drop. I am not particularly a fan of his music, but it has been a while since he has released an album and he was much popular when I was younger. I did this project in R using the following libraries: rjson,bit64,httr,twitteR,syuzhet,snowball,tm,wordcloud, and rcolorbrewer. I pulled 1000 tweets from twitter with the keyword Eminem. Then I cleaned the data of punctuation and common words. I also ran into the issue of having to clean emojis and other symbols which I wasn’t familiar with but was able to figure it out quickly. I then fit the sentiment model to the dataset and the result was extracting negative, neutral, and positive sentiment tweets. There were 94 neutral tweets, 32, negative tweets, and 52 positive tweets. Only 20% of the tweets fell into these categories. I will have to dig in further to find out what happened to the other tweets, my guess is that they were un useable. Once I determined the overall sentiment I decided to make a wordcloud to highlight each positive and negative tweet categories. Form the work cloud the words happy, thank, new, and great were prominent in the tweets. Overall it seems like the fans were very thankful for the new music and thought it was great. On the negative side however, there weren’t many interpretable results. There appears to have been a concert so most of the tweets seem to be highlighting it and the user’s attendance at the concert. My takeaways from this project are that mining twitter sentiment is for the most part easy to set up and run. However, cleaning the tweets so they are interpretable proved difficult because there was a lot of noise in the tweets. I will have to research how to sift though it more the next sentiment project I attempt. 

### Tableau Health Care Demo

For this project I used Tableau to creat a heate chart map of the number of unplanned hospital visits by state. The states are catagorized by gradient color and you can see the values by scrolling over each state. I also added some data to the dashboard that is filterable by State, City, and Hospital. There is also a calculated field to show the rate of return for individuals, for each hospital after their initial visit. 
